this very quick video is going to show
you from show me how to do this calm how
to make your phone stop interfering with
your internet connection so if you have
a 2.4 gigahertz phone a lot of times
when your phone calls come in they can
interfere with your internet connection
and not only is that annoying but it
prevents you from being on the internet
at the same time
at the same time as you're being on the
phone so what you do if you've got a
Linksys router or a lot of other routers
run this way too you're going to go to
your web address you're going to type in
HTTP so you've got to be logged in to
your home network gonna be on the right
network but if you're there then you go
192.168.1.1 and that will take you into
the security settings now there may be a
screen that shows up in between that
asks you for your username and password
your username is admin a dmin and your
password is a dmin
admin like administrator unless you have
changed it so you'll go ahead and log in
and you'll have a router name and all
this stuff you can set up all kinds of
things in here but the place you want to
go if you want to stop it from
interfering with your 2.4 gigahertz
phone connection is right here in the
wireless tab you've got this wireless
mode and then you've got the main
the network right and then you've got
the wireless channel now by default it's
set at two point four three seven well
that's also the same frequency as your
phone so it could change it to one end
or the other it worked for me to change
it to two point four one two so but
you'll just go ahead and go in and
change it there and that will stop your
phone from interfering with your
internet connection now if it doesn't
work log back in and change it to the
opposite end and see if that fixes it
but you want to get it as far away from
that default two point four three seven
as you can so that's it thank you for
visiting us at show me how to do this
comm if you would like to learn how to
do all kinds of interesting stuff please
come back and visit us again